SX Vision | The vision of SX is to be come the global liquidity hub for sports betting. SX's mission is to enable bettors to make more money by lowering the vig in sports betting by 95% from the industry standard of ~5.00% to less than 0.25%. We also aim to also drive dramatic increases in access, security, and transparency. SX’s unique blockchain-enabled protocol and app makes all of this possible, for the very first time. Welcome to the future of sports betting. Welcome to SX. Here's some of our traction so far in achieving this vision: Made new high in total quarterly bettors in the seasonally-dead Q3. 

Primed for huge growth in Q4 with NFL, NBA, and NHL returning: Compounded annual betting volume growth of 140%, on-pace for new high this year even with no token incentives: SX has entirely weaned itself off SX betting incentives, with bet mining being eliminated entirely earlier this year: Largest betting project on Arbitrum. SX recently hit $10m in bets even with all incentives turned off in September: Successfully moved over SX community over to SX Rollup, nearing $10m in bridge deposits two months post-launch: --- 

Why SX | SX Bet’s peer-to-peer betting exchange ensures that bettors enjoy competitive odds, often better than what they’d find on traditional sportsbooks. With SX Bet, bettors aren’t subject to odds set by a centralized authority; instead, they are betting against each other, creating a dynamic and competitive market. This unique approach often leads to favorable odds for bettors while also giving them an opportunity to set their own odds and accept bets from others. SX routinely has the best pregame betting odds in the world for the major US sports (NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL): SX superior odds enables bettors to earn 7-10% higher payouts on their bets compared to traditional sportsbooks. You can even go a step further and even offer your own bets. This provides you with greater control and enables you to create customized strategies and preferences. You can even build your own quantitative sports betting strategy using the SX API docs. SX treats sports betting like a financial market where you can win, not a casino where you can only lose. SX Bet’s non-custodial nature provides unmatched security, a critical feature for bettors who’ve faced issues with crypto sportsbooks like Stake, Rollbit, Roobet, and Sportsbet.io. Unlike centralized sports books, SX Bet doesn’t hold users’ funds custodially. Instead, bettors have complete control over their funds, securely stored in their personal non-custodial wallets (such as Metamask). This security model dramatically reduces risks associated with the misappropriation of funds. You can place bets on SX Bet with peace of mind, knowing that your funds are securely stored and accessible at your convenience, in your own Metamask wallet. Your keys, your crypto; only at SX do you get to keep full control and bet on sports straight from the safety of your own Metamask wallet. SX Bet also breaks the mold in an industry often criticized for lack of transparency and trust issues. Every bet is recorded on-chain, creating a public and tamper-proof record of all betting activity. This unparalleled transparency reassures users of the platform’s integrity and ensures the correct settlement of all bets. SX Bet shows you the order book, line movement, and every single bet on the market. This fosters an environment of trust, essential for a thriving betting ecosystem. SX offers a level of transparency that resolves trust issues often associated with other sportsbooks like Stake, Rollbit, Roobet, and Sportsbet.io. Finally, SX Bet’s commitment to open access is a major draw for sophisticated sports bettors. Unlike traditional sports book, SX Bet doesn’t ban, restrict, or limit winning bettors. This means you can win consistently without worrying about being penalized or limited — a unique advantage that sets SX Bet apart. SX’s also has completely open access to its APIs to encourage innovation and development of new betting tools, strategies, and applications. This open access empowers bettors to design custom tools and algorithms, giving them an edge in the highly competitive world of sports betting. The SX Bet API docs are incredibly easy to read and make it easy for anyone to build their own sports betting bot. We treat sports betting like a financial market, and give you the tools you need to trade it like one. --- 

SX Product Strategy | SX’s goal is to help sports bettors make more money. Like any financial market, increasing profitability for our users comes from having the best pricing (i.e. odds) and deepest liquidity. SX is essentially a platform that uses open APIs and a superior product to create the largest network of market-makers, who in turn, provide the best odds at the deepest liquidity for bettors. In short, SX is designed for people who care about the best odds (professionals and prosumers) and the deepest liquidity (syndicates and whales). What SX is not: A platform for betting on any kind of exotic prediction markets (SX is focused on sports) A platform for betting on 5th division women’s volleyball (SX is focused on the main markets) A betting platform for recreational bettors to place 50-leg $5 parlays (not yet at least..) A betting platform only designed for professional bettors (SX is degen-friendly) A betting platform only for crypto-natives (SX is open to non-crypto bettors) Step 1: Make SX as welcoming as possible to programmable bettors SX is the most open betting platform in the world to programmable bettors. Our API is not only open and free to access, there aren’t any additional surcharges for bettors accessing SX through it. This is unprecedented for a sports betting platform. The vast majority of sports betting platforms (including many betting exchanges) try as hard as possible to keep programmable bettors out. Of the few that allow them, they impose hefty API monthly fees and/or chunky premium charges (i.e. fee that is equal to a % of their monthly profit). Many market-makers on SX are exclusive to SX because there are no open alternatives for them. Step 2: Concentrate liquidity into a select range of the largest betting markets in the world This allows us to channel all of our market-makers’ liquidity and bettors activity into a few, key, major sports markets. SX doesn’t have nearly the same selection of markets that a typical recreational sportsbook like Fanduel has (yet). While this dissuades the more recreational sports bettor from SX, it enables us to develop industry-leading odds and liquidity in the main (i.e. money line, spread, and total) markets that represent the vast majority of betting volume. Step 3: Let our superior liquidity drive virtuous, positive feedback cycle and network effects SX’s superior liquidity acts it’s own awareness, acquisition, and retention engine. Our amazing odds attract bettors’ attention by enabling SX to rank highly on odds comparison websites, to show up regularly on arbitrage/positive EV bet scanners, and betting handicapper bet slips. Our superior odds help acquire bettors by encouraging price-sensitive bettors to sign-up to take advantage of the many arbitrage-able or seemingly mismatched odds on the platform. Finally, they help retain bettors by acting as a de-facto ongoing promotion; once you’ve used SX for awhile, other platforms seem like a rip-off. Finally, our liquidity gets better as more bettors join the site. Better odds → more bettors → more betting activity → more attractive to market-make on SX → more market-makers → better odds → more bettors. SX is a platform built to help sports bettors make more money from their bets by giving them better odds. Bettors using SX will typically find a vig reduction of 50-90%, which translates into 7-14% higher profits per bet on classic 50-50 bets. 1. Market Makers Market makers are the lifeblood of any financial exchange; SX is no different. Market makers provide the differentiated liquidity that is the core value prop to SX, and we’ve spent years building our network. For a betting exchange to have truly elite liquidity, its network of market makers must be: Varied enough to provide differentiated liquidity Having hundreds of market makers utilizing the same strategy provides no additional value; they must be utilizing different strategies in order to get superior liquidity. With enough capital to offer deep liquidity It’s not enough to provide small amounts of liquidity; to provide value, market makers must be providing bet offers with thousands of dollars of depth. Offering across a wide range of markets The best market makers also provide coverage across many different market types and sports. Ideally, the market-makers also “opinionated” Opinionated market makers are particularly valuable; they look to take directional risk by “shading” their bet offers (i.e. offering bets at odds diverging to the general market). These opinions create odds on SX that are highly differentiated and often even arb-able. Attracting market makers was initially quite daunting; new betting exchanges lack the awareness, betting activity, and trust to attract market makers to their platform. SX has however crossed many of these key inflection points such that it’s become much easier to convince market makers to onboard onto SX. 2. Low latency order book and reliable data reporting For market makers to supply the liquidity that powers the exchange, it’s imperative to build out extremely performant, low latency order book infrastructure. Furthermore, accuracy and speed in both market creation and, more importantly, market reporting is absolutely vital. This is particularly true in non-custodial betting platforms like SX in which reporting of markets is final. SX operates a hybrid off-chain order book, onchain settlement infrastructure for all trading of markets. This enables market makers to provide liquidity and appropriately manage risk in highly performant off-chain infrastructure. Meanwhile, onchain settlement of all bets enables bettors to self-custody their own funds, which provides a far more trustworthy betting environment than traditional sportsbooks. Additionally, with all bets settling onchain, SX provides unparalleled transparency into all betting activity, which increases trust further, provides bettors with differentiated information, and naturally creates content marketing opportunities for the ecosystem. Unlike the vast majority of all centralized sports betting platforms and virtually all onchain competitors, SX has rolled its own data oracle for creation and reporting of markets. Building out this data infrastructure was a multi-year effort with many, many bumps and bruises (i.e. wrongly paid out markets) along the way. However, this infrastructure is extremely reliable, robust, and speedy, with an extremely low error rate (99.97% reporting accuracy) for the adversersial environment (i.e. non-custodial settlement) that SX operates in. It would take a competitor multiple years to replicate the infrastruxture that SX has built out here; this is why the majority of onchain betting platforms outsource this work to Chainlink and/or UMA. 3. Whale & Syndicate VIP Service The major takers of liquidity on SX are whales; the average bet size on SX (~$345) is almost two full orders of magnitude larger than the average bet sizes seen on recreational sports betting platforms. Our whales choose us consistently because we have the deepest liquidity at the best odds. With that said, we don’t take a passive approach to helping these users utilize SX. We have a dedicated VIP and retention manager that communicates with these bettors daily, managing +100 different communication channels with them daily. Our entire goal is to help our users make money in sports betting. Our VIP managers flag special betting opportunities that would be of interest to them, help with any customer support issues, and provide valuable insights. Above that though - we’re focusing on building lasting relationships with our community of bettors. Unlike traditional sportsbooks - when our bettors win, SX wins. Our Ideal Bettor: Owns crypto and transacts onchain Bets on sports daily Cares about liquidity and odds Wants to make money from sports betting Worried about the custody risk of holding funds on a sportsbook or CEX Our product principles act as our guiding factors in deciding whether a set of features we dream up are a good fit for the immediate term, or they serve a type of bettor that we don’t really see on our radar. It’s relatively easy to fill our roadmap with feature ideas; the difficult part is filtering down to the ones that actually matter for our core community. The following are the principles that we know our ideal bettor wants to see in us: We never want to launch features that will fragment liquidity, even if they bring in new bettors or help the platform grow in the short-term. For example, we turned down many opportunities to launch SX multiple times on other chains (i.e. multi-chain). Instead, we decided to spend months building out a highly unique cross-chain model in which all liquidity would still reside on SX Rollup. This enabled us to get the distribution benefits of launching on other chains without fragmenting liquidity. Our community doesn’t want to trust us with holding their deposits; they want to see and be able to access the funds in their own crypto wallet, at all times. Granted, for some professional bettors this is less of a concern, whereas others see it as a deal-breaker. Either way, we want our bettors to have access to their funds at all times, and they want it too. We do not change anything in our API docs or fiddle with how trading works without strong justification for the change and months-long advance warning to our market makers. Furthermore, we have a number of features built-into our trading infrastructure to protect market makers from toxic flow (e.g. such as long in-play betting delays). Adding tons of sports betting markets with undifferentiated liquidity is actually quite easy; the hard part is offering the best odds in the entire world, day-in and day-out. We’ve purposely slow-rolled the introduction of new betting markets to SX We’ve added tons of features, from gasless betting to email wallet creation, to abstract away the complexities of crypto UX as much as possible and make the user experience feel similar to a traditional betting application.  

SX Business Strategy | We can classify the sports betting world based on two dimensions: whether they are low vig or high vig, and whether they are crypto-native or fiat-based. Using these two dimensions give us roughly four quadrants: Fiat betting exchanges & asian bookmakers Fiat sportsbooks Crypto sportsbooks Crypto betting exchanges (i.e. SX) We will be breaking down each of the first three quadrants and how it relates to SX strategy. Fiat betting exchanges are a highly concentrated industry dominated by the industry pioneer - Betfair - with a few other exchanges of note (Matchbook, Smarkets, Betdaq). These are centralized peer-to-peer betting exchanges that deal exclusively in fiat. They compete on liquidity and activity. They are highly defensible with pricing power at scale. Betfair has a massive network of market makers and bettors, and has been to able to increase fees over time. They currently charge a headline fee of 5% on winnings, with some bettors subject to a dreaded premium charge (equal to 60% of monthly winnings). We’ve included Asian bookmakers into this quadrant as well as they operate similarly to betting exchange (open limits, no banning of bettors), and compete on vig. The main difference between the two is that Asian bookmakers internalize market pricing (i.e. they have their own trading team), instead of externalizing it like a betting exchange. This is also a relatively concentrated industry with Pinnacle being the market leader, and then a host of other secondary books. Pinnacle is a bit of a hybrid as they sometimes accept crypto deposits in certain jurisdictions and operate on a pure fiat-basis in others. Scale: Betting exchanges and asian bookmakers operate on a low-margin, high-turnover model. They are effectively the Walmart/Costcos of betting. Their relatively low margin model typically means they have far less money available for mass marketing and promotions; they instead rely on a small number of large VIPs and syndicates to drive most of their activity. While this may sound like a bad business model, they have actually been to shown to have extremely high defensibility. The largest gambling company in the world - Flutter - started as a betting exchange (i.e. Betfair). This part of the industry is subject to massive economies of scale and network effects, meaning that many of the winners in this space were founded decades ago, with Flutter/Betfair (founded in 2000) and Pinnacle (founded in 1998) leading the pack. Market Coverage: While their sheer scale and penetration is their biggest advantage by far, these platforms also have big leads in sports coverage and live betting coverage. As SX continues to scale its user base and product, these advantages should fade over time. However, as of now, both platforms are far ahead. Trust: Both businesses have been around for decades, have processed tens of billions of dollars in bets, and built-up highly trustworthy brands. Fees/Liquidity: Betfair has increasingly ratcheted up costs on their user base over time, with relatively high headline commissions (5% of winnings) and introduction of premium charges (up to 60% of your monthly PnL). This represents the greatest source of differentiation between Betfair and SX at the moment. At sufficient scale, betting on SX should be far more economical than using Betfair. More importantly, there is an ongoing sense of frustration between Betfair users and Betfair. Many users rightly feel that the business is focused purely on shareholder maximization; and have little trust in management not to increase fees as soon as possible. Either way, SX should be able to undercut both over time with superior liquidity and odds. Access to Funds: Betfair (and Pinnacle), of course, also centralized. This means that it’s far more difficult to move funds into and out of the exchange, like you can with a non-custodial platform. They don’t have a token so there’s little alignment between the community and platform. Though this may not matter as much for more professional bettors, and is less of a tailwind for SX now that bet mining has been turned off. Developer Ecoystem: As for-profit, closed-sourced companies, there’s also a big angle to attack them through the creation of a third-party developer ecosystem. Open-source, blockchain-enabled products inherently come with far less platform risk for developers, and far more overall welcoming environment to developers as well. Our strategy for winning over their users is quite simple: offer better liquidity on the most popular markets. Many of their users are highly price-sensitive and operate in small circles. By offering better liquidity and working with key opinion leaders within their networks, we have been progressively able to win them over to SX. We have had particular success winning over Pinnacle customers as many are already familiar with crypto, focus on pre-game betting (where we thrive), and familiar with our user interface. There is space here to scale SX from our current $150m/year to +$5b/year in betting volume by simply winning more and more of these users over to SX. Fiat sportsbooks are the platforms that most everyday consumers are most familiar with - i.e. the Fanduel, DraftKings, and Bet365s of the world. These platforms typically have little product differentiation besides user interface and design, and therefore rely heavily on branding, promotions, and advertising to distinguish themselves. At this point, almost all fiat sportsbooks are highly regulated and deal exclusively in fiat; virtually none of the mainstream books offer crypto deposits due to regulatory constraints. These platforms typically have thousands small bettors, with the occasional VIP, and thus have a very small average bet size. To compensate, they charge high vigs (4-7% is common) and do everything possible to drive users towards the extremely high vig markets (i.e. parlays). They have huge problems with retention because their high vig model and aggressive pushing of low winning probability bets (i.e. parlays) churns through the account balances of their users relatively rapidly. To compensate, they typically have aggressive retention bonuses to keep users coming back. They typically don’t internalize market pricing or have relatively unsophisticated trading teams; they instead rely on third-party software tools or other sportsbooks for setting their odds. Almost all of them ban winning bettors and/or use stake factoring software to dynamically adjust betting limits for users based on their profitability. Marketing: Because their model is inherently more profitable in the short-term, they can typically afford to aggressively spend on marketing to gain market share. They are also relatively undiscerning on user acquisition; they are trying to get bettors and non-bettors alike to use their platform. Many of the big companies in this space (i.e. Draftkings) are also public and have huge war chests to spend to acquire users. They are also very aggressive on promotions. Market Coverage: Because these platforms ban/limit all winning bettors and charge high prices, they can offer far more markets to their user base. However, this wider coverage also opens them to massive arbitrage opportunities, creating incentives for winning bettors to take advantage of them. This creates a perverse dynamic where they are essentially in a constant battle to ban their most active bettors, even while spending huge amounts of money to acquire said bettors. Ease of Use: These platforms aren’t designed for power users; they are targeting the average joe looking to place a $5 bet on a parlay. This means they typically have extremely slick user interfaces designed purely for ease of use. Our target demographic can’t use their product: Pretty simple really. Syndicates aren’t allowed to use their product because they are typically winning bettors that place bet large bets; these are the first bettors to get flagged and limited by these companies. Arbitrage bettors can typically get away with keeping their accounts open for longer, particularly if they aren’t betting exotic prop markets. Horrible liquidity: As soon as bettors begin to do research and/or educate themselves on how to actually win at sports betting, they realize that these sports books are not the best place to bet (besides for arbitraging) due to their high vig, banning of winning bettors, and lack of transparency. Access to Funds: Even though this sector is more highly regulated nowadays, it can still be difficult to deposit and withdraw from fiat sports books. Due to rampant chargebacks in this industry, bettors often have to use third-party services to deposit and withdraw funds. Sports books are also custodial, and on occasion, can choose to withhold funds due to perceived “malicious” betting. It then becomes a battle to get funds out, typically requiring legal threats to get your money out. Our key strategy for winning over users in this quadrant is to actually mostly ignore it (for now). For the most part, these bettors aren’t yet ready to use a sophisticated, low-cost product like SX. Furthermore, they typically don’t yet have experience with crypto, let alone onchain products. Their average bet size is also too small to justify the costs of using an onchain product, which has some bridging fees and gas costs to utilize. These users also inherently want low-probability, high-potential bets (i.e. parlays), which are better served by a sportsbook with huge coverage like they have. We typically ignore these customers, until they have moved over into the fiat betting exchange segment (as it means they care about odds) or the crypto sportsbook segment (as it means they understand crypto). Over time, the pool of bettors that become educated about sports betting and/or crypto continues to increase. Crypto sportsbooks are the fastest growing segment in the gambling world over the last few years. Stake, Rollbit, and others have gone from essentially nothing, to billions of dollars in annual revenue, in very short-order. For example, here’s Stake’s annual revenue growth, as reported by the Financial Times in 2023: Unlike fiat sportsbooks, most crypto sportsbooks are lightly regulated and deal exclusively or primarily in crypto. These platforms typically have a mix of small and big bettors, with much more of a focus on large crypto whale VIPs. Similar to fiat sportsbooks, they typically charge high vigs (4-7% is common) and also try drive users towards the extremely high vig markets (i.e. parlays). However, most of these platforms have built-in casinos, so there’s more of a focus to drive users there as well. They have similarly big problems with retention because their high vig model, but, because of their light touch KYC and the more adversarial environment of crypto, they typically aren’t as aggressive on using bonuses. They also don’t internalize market pricing and virtually none have their own trading teams; they instead rely on third-party software tools for setting their odds. Almost all of them ban winning bettors and/or use stake factoring software to dynamically adjust betting limits for users based on their profitability. There’s also a much, much higher custody risk with using crypto sportsbooks; it’s highly common for them to gate withdrawals and/or outright steal deposits. This is the big motivating factor driving the development of a tiny but emerging subset of crypto sportsbooks - onchain sportsbooks (e.g. Overtime, Azuro) - that pipe in an odds feed through Chainlink. Marketing: Because their model is inherently more profitable in the short-term, they can typically afford to aggressively spend on marketing to gain market share. However, because of the light touch KYC they employ, they are far less aggressive on promotions. Typically, the focus is on affiliate marketing deals, typically centered around Kick streamers (for casino) or crypto twitter influencers (for sports betting). They also rely heavily on major sports sponsorships to build trust around their brand. Market Coverage: Because these platforms ban/limit all winning bettors and charge high prices, they can offer far more markets to their user base. However, this wider coverage also opens them to massive arbitrage opportunities, creating incentives for winning bettors to take advantage of them. Furthermore, as a crypto sportsbook, it is far easier for arbitrage bettors to rapidly move capital into their platforms to take advantage of these opportunities. For this reason, crypto sportsbooks typically have less market coverage and worse live betting experiences than fiat sportsbooks. Ease of Use: Similar to fiat sportsbooks, these platforms are designed for less sophisticated users and therefore typically have slick user interfaces designed purely for ease of use. Our target demographic really can’t use their product: Unlike fiat sportsbooks that ban or limit bettors, crypto sportsbooks often go a step further and outright steal deposits. They are able to do this because of their light-touch KYC, the latter of which is often used as justification for withholding funds. Arbitrage bettors can get away with keeping their accounts open for longer as crypto sportsbooks often are less sophisticated in their risk management processes, but it comes with much higher risk. Note: this concern is allayed with onchain sportsbooks, which are non-custodial. Horrible liquidity: Crypto sportsbooks have similarly uncompetitive odds as fiat sportsbooks, although typically they have less available liquidity. This is a particular disadvantage of onchain sportsbooks - which often have extremely degraded liquidity and poor odds. The reason for this is simple - onchain sportsbooks can’t ban winning bettors, meaning they’re forced to adopt an asian bookmaker model of setting global limits and accepting all action. However, they are at a dramatic disadvantage compared to classic asian bookmakers for a number of reasons. First, they lack the economies of scale. Second, they have an inability to manage risk with a discretionary trading team. Lastly, and most importantly, they have no ability to manage risk based on individual bettor activity. This last point is particularly salient - asian bookmakers manage their risk using customer profiling; they adjust their liquidity based on who bets into them. Onchain sportsbooks cannot do this as it’s trivially easy for sophisticated bettors to mask their activity. We are extremely bearish onchain sportsbooks for this reason, with one important caveat - we’re bullish branded user interfaces that repackage liquidity with a surcharge. User interfaces are profit-maximizing and will repackage the liquidity that is deepest; we believe SX’s strategy of becoming the global liquidity hub will enable us to dominate this market. Low Trust: Crypto sportsbooks aren’t seen as trustworthy. Given their track record of stealing customer funds, this brand is well-earned. A few breakout crypto sportsbooks have been able to grow their way out of this trust deficit with sponsorships, major influencers, and branding. However, the concern around getting your funds is always there, even when using the large sportsbooks like Stake, Rollbit, and Shuffle. This is often cited as one of the primary reasons that crypto-native users use SX over these crypto sportsbooks, and is a primary advantage for onchain sportsbooks as well. Our key strategy for winning over these users is content marketing and direct outreach (through Debank and Twitter). Many users seek out onchain alternatives after getting their funds stolen by these onchain sportsbooks, which is how we’ve acquired some of our largest bettors (we call them “Rollbit refugees”). This makes SEO paramount, in addition to content targeted around these specific concerns. Being a fully doxxxed founder helps a lot with building trust here. Getting on as many podcasts and twitter spaces has been a big focus, and will likely continue to be for the foreseeable future. Longer-term, we believe we will acquire the vast majority of these users through third-party branded interfaces. These branded interfaces will be built around specific blockchain ecosystems, memecoin communities, NFT projects, and more. Interfaces will repackage liquidity and add a surcharge, outsourcing all operations but marketing. This is actually the current strategy of Azuro, which is the leading onchain sportsbook protocol. However, we believe they are building the proverbial car in the wrong order. We believe it’s paramount to first build the SX protocol into the leading global liquidity hub, and then have others build on-top of it. This lets the interfaces building on-top of the protocol offer competitive products while maintaining high degrees of profitability (which will be needed for the marketing). Azuro protocol’s liquidity is subpar at the moment (the reasons why are detailed above), making it extraordinarily difficult for any of the interfaces building on-top of their protocol to offer competitive products or be economically sustainable. There are other issues with Azuro’s approach that SX has solved. For example, SX’s rollout of cross-chain betting will enable interfaces to build in multi-chain support on Day 1.  

How SX Works |  The SX protocol comprises the set of open source smart contracts that power the entire SX prediction market ecosystem. The protocol creates, processes, and settles all bets, on-chain. This protocol houses the control mechanisms, configurable fees, maintenance controls, and rules that govern the entire network. It also houses all the governance logic, including the processes by which SX stakers control the Community Treasury. This section focuses exclusively on the actual process of creating and settling betting markets. The parts of the SX protocol that deal with market creation and settlement are relatively lightweight and simple to understand. First, betting markets are either created programmatically with a sports market API or manually through the market creator GUI dApp. Markets must contain six characteristics to be considered valid: gameTime: start time of the event teamOneName: name of the home team teamTwoName: name of the away team sportID: identification number of the sport leagueID: identification number of the league type: type of betting market (i.e. ML, Spread, or Total) Once created, a market hash is generated and stored on the Market Registry. Once a market hash is created, market participants can begin to offer and accept bets on the market. Once a bet has been offered and accepted on a market, the respective crypto assets of the two bettors are atomically transferred to the Escrow contract. The crypto assets sit in the Escrow Contract until the creator of the market reports on the event. There are only three valid reporting outcomes: Outcome1, Outcome2, and Void. In the event of a Void market, both market participants are returned their respective stakes back, without paying any fees. This is standard practice in the sports betting industry in the event that a game is cancelled, postponed, or the bet outcome finishes in a tie.  

SX Tokenomics | Everything you need to know about the SX token The SX token (SX) enables community ownership and decentralized governance that will guide SX to a sustainable future. SX is an ERC-20 token that exists on the Ethereum, Polygon, and SX Network blockchains. SX Network token on Ethereum: https://etherscan.io/token/0xbe9f61555f50dd6167f2772e9cf7519790d96624 *OLD* Deprecated SportX token on Ethereum: https://etherscan.io/token/0x99fe3b1391503a1bc1788051347a1324bff41452?a=0xd92B21EFBc243D31CD35113d2c15018F5C71Df9b Uniswap (DEX) on Ethereum MEXC exchange (CEX) Bitmart exchange (CEX) SushiSwap (DEX) on Arbitrum SharkSwap (DEX) on SX Rollup The SX token has a number of key functionalities within the SX Network ecosystem: In order to secure the network, token holders can stake (i.e. lock up) their tokens to earn staking rewards. Tokens that are staked remain in the user’s control, but they can no longer be transferred. By staking tokens, the circulating supply of the token is temporarily reduced, which also has the beneficial effect of increasing scarcity. All (100%) of protocol revenue is paid out to SX stakers in the form of USDC, ETH, and SX. SX allows token holders to control over all the parameters of the SX Network blockchain. It also gives holders control over the SX prediction market protocol smart contracts through the governance user interface. SX tokens are used as a medium of exchange and unit of account within the SX Network blockchain. Similar to the relationship of ETH to Ethereum, SX is the "gas" of the SX Network blockchain. Every single transaction on SX Network requires SX tokens in order to process. This means as demand for the SX Network blockchain continues to grow, there will be increasing demand for the SX token. The SX token was launched on January 2021 with a maximum supply of 1,000,000,000 (1 billion) SX. The initial launch allocation was as follows: 🏦 Community Fund: 530,000,000 SX (53.00%) with 4-year vesting 🛠️ Core team: 228,554,913 SX (22.86%) with 4-year vesting 💼 Early backers: 103,070,000 SX (10.31%) with 4-year vesting 🧾 Marketing budget: 50,000,000 SX (5.00%) with 4-year vesting 💧 User Airdrop: 20,000,000 SX (2.00%) available at TGE SX token holders have control over the community treasury, and could distribute the 530,000,000 SX tokens in the community fund through DAO voting. However, these tokens can’t be accessed by the DAO until they vest. Tokens vested to the community treasury, team, early backers, and to the marketing budget on a monthly basis according to the following schedule: 10% in 2021, 20% in 2022, 30% in 2023, and the remaining 40% in 2024. Team, investor, and strategic marketing initiatives SX allocations were all locked up on an identical vesting schedule to the community treasury: As of October 1st 2024, SX token is 90.72% vested with only three months left from it’s initial 4-year vesting period. The final 9.28% of unvested SX unlocks over the next three months on these dates: November 1st 2024 December 1st 2024 January 1st, 2025 The supply of SX is split between the three categories: 🏦 Community Fund: 298,306,232 SX (29.83%) 🔥 Burned: 110,365,091 SX (11.04%) 💰 SX Holders: 590,582,656 (59.58%) The amount of SX tokens actually held by investors that can be sold (i.e. excluding Community Fund and Burned SX) is only 590,582,656 SX. Of these tokens held freely trading, they are currently split up in the following ways: 🥩 Staked SX: 103,070,000 SX 🏧 Held on CEXs: 1,500,000 SX 💵 Circulating SX: 486,012,656 SX  

SX Roadmap | SX has the largest onchain sports betting community in the world, creating a huge opportunity for SX to monetize through the launch of an SX-branded onchain casino. Casino games are some of the most highly-requested features by the SX community and this would open up SX to more types of bettors, stabilize betting volumes in the low summer months, and increase value accrual for SX. It’s extremely difficult to project protocol revenue from casino games as it requires projecting total betting volume from an entirely different product suite. Casino games typically generate a multiple of the total volume and revenue of sportsbooks. SX pioneered cross-chain betting with the launch of SX Bet on Arbitrum in Q2. Furthermore, SX’s cross-chain liquidity hub and spoke model makes it extremely simple and capital efficient to launch on new chains. SX has begun experimenting with this model, deploying SX Bet on new L2s such as Scroll and Mode. With the recent success of SX Bet on Arbitrum, we’re also exploring public launches of SX Bet on other chains. We’ll be targeting established whale-heavy chains (such as Ethereum, Polygon, etc.) and new fast-growing chains (such as Scroll, etc.) There is a significant opportunity to establish SX as the gamblefi champion of every significant L1 and L2. SX will be launching the ability to cashout bets before settlement in Q4. Cashout will enable far more betting activity and trading throughout games, as users won’t have to wait until the end of the game in order to access the liquidity of their unsettled bets. It will also enable for real-time mark-to-mark profit/loss tracking of all open bets for users. Cashout on SX will be significantly better for bettors than the cashout offers one would receive on a sportsbook as there’s no extra “cashout” fee. When cashing out on SX, bettors are effectively betting the other side and receiving their stake back, without having to put up any additional capital. With no extra cashout fees and SX’s incredible odds, SX should have one of the best cashout experiences in the world. SX has established as one of the best places in the world to bet pre-game North American sports (NFL, MLB, NBA, & NHL). However, our live betting offering is still quite mediocre and merely on par with traditional sportsbooks. This is partly by design; we’ve focused on maximizing pre-game liquidity first, where SX has a big competitive advantage. It’s better to be the best pregame betting platform in the world with average live betting than having a solid but unremarkable offering in both. With that said, maximizing live betting will contribute massively to the overall value prop of the platform and overall activity. For context, even with our relatively average offering, live betting still represents roughly 40% of total volume on SX. This will be an area of focus in Q4 and 2025. We’ve begun researching a new order book design to minimize latency and improve execution times to make it easier for both market-makers and takers. With the new order book design will come a simpler API usage and integration process, which will better fit industry standards and make it easier for market-makers to integrate onto SX. SX’s focus on driving down vig for sports bettors comes with some tradeoffs. One of the major tradeoffs is an increased difficulty in offering the same level of market coverage for recreational bettors. In effect, SX is following a Costco model for sports betting; much better pricing at the cost of limited coverage. With that said, unlike Costco, there are no direct incremental costs to adding more markets for bettors. The cost is more subtle; long-tail markets are harder to market-make and therefore would have much worse pricing than SX’s major markets. This makes the platform inherently less attractive than more recreational-heavy platforms, hurting adoption. With that said, SX is nearing an inflection point where there is enough market-maker interest to seed these markets. Adding these markets to the platform will be an area of focus in late Q4 and 2025. --- 

Protocol Revenue | There are three primary routes for protocol revenue streams that can enhance the sustainability of SX Network without weakening the core value prop of the platform nor it’s current growth trajectory: Cross-Chain Fees, SX Casino, and Tiered Taker Fees. Each revenue stream will generate USDC-based revenue, which could be distributed directly to SX stakers or used to automatically buyback and burn SX onchain. The launch of this will enable SX to shift away from SX-only staking rewards, and enable SX to distribute additional USDC protocol revenue to SX stakers. SX is planning on deploying unique interfaces on a number of exciting L1 and L2 blockchains in the coming months utilizing its cross-chain betting functionality. Cross-chain bettors are expected to be relatively price-insensitive users that value convenience and promotions over liquidity. This gives SX more latitude to generate revenue through a cross-chain fee. Total cross-chain betting volume would likely fall somewhat with the addition of a fee, although this decline would likely be tempered by SX launching on more chains. Cross-chain betting volume is Taker-only and currently constitutes ~20% of current daily betting volume. SX has the largest onchain sports betting community in the world, creating a huge opportunity for SX to monetize through the launch of an SX-branded onchain casino. Casino games are some of the most highly-requested features by the SX community and this would open up SX to more types of bettors, stabilize betting volumes in the low summer months, and increase value accrual for SX. It’s extremely difficult to project protocol revenue from casino games as it requires projecting total betting volume from an entirely different product suite. Casino games typically generate a multiple of the total bets and revenue of sportsbooks. For context, centralized crypto betting platform Rollbit generates 7-10x more revenue per day from their casino than they do from their sportsbook. We’re going to be launching the SX Casino with industry-leading return-to-player (RTP), targeting an average RTP of 99.5% across the games. This effectively means the SX Casino would expect to collect 0.5% per dollar bet on the platform. For traditional sportsbooks, the introduction of Casino products has typically led to dramatic increases in profitability and betting volume nearly overnight. Therefore, a highly conservative baseline estimate for the SX Casino is for it to generate 60% of the daily betting volume that the sports betting platform generates upon launch. SX can also re-launch traditional commissions on SX betting volume to generate revenue. One potential route would be to take a highly targeted approach, through a tiered commission structure and focusing purely on Taker bets. This tiered taker-only approach would generate revenue without hurting SX’s core asset - its superior liquidity. Based on current volume proportions, charging pre-game taker bets 1% of winnings, in-play taker bets 3% of winnings, and parlay taker bets 5% of winnings, would create a blended overall take rate of 0.5% on all betting volume, with likely little significant impact on overall liquidity and activity. This remains the worst of the three options though, as it hurts the core value prop of the product the most.  

Key Backers | SX is fortunate to be backed by leading crypto funds and angel investors

SX Rollup | Recent scaling issues made it clear that SX needed to upgrade its infrastructure, and launch SX's very own Arbitrum Orbit rollup. Migrating SX to its own Arbitrum Orbit rollup offered a number of big benefits: 🚅 250ms Block Times: Arbitrum Orbit offers 250ms block times, which is 8x faster than the 2-second block times on Polygon. This massive difference in speed means SX can bring its liquidity onchain as well as offer much better cross-chain betting experience. In particular, cross-chain in-play betting becomes possible with this level of speed. Other games of chance, such as onchain casino games, also become possible. Finally, it also has the additional benefit of improved UX for bettors, lower failure rates, and faster bet settlement. 🔐 Better Bridging: Optimistic rollups offer the most secure bridging experience in all of crypto as they leverage the underlying security of the chain that they are built-on. This will increase trust in SX Network as the chain will now be relying on Ethereum and Arbitrum for its underlying security, rather than a third-party bridge such as Celer. 💰 Revenue Source for SX: Arbitrum Orbit rollups earn sequencer revenue from all the transactions that occur on the chain. For chains with lots of activity, this can become quite a large figure. This offers a tangible, alternative revenue stream for the SX token, beyond charging a standard commission rate. The faster infrastructure also enables alternative revenue streams, like the aforementioned onchain casino. ☎️ Best In-Class Support: Arbitrum is the leading layer-two blockchain in the world by TVL and users. Building on Arbitrum Orbit enables SX to automatically benefit from the infrastructure upgrades of Arbitrum, while being able to rely on their team for maintenance and support. Additionally, tighter integration with the Arbitrum enables SX to benefit from the tailwinds in growth in their underlying ecosystem. ✅ Simplifying Staking: Finally, running a rollup removes the need for SX Network stakers to create their own block validation infrastructure, and instead enables them to focus purely on the distributed reporting infrastructure that is unique to SX Network. This should lower the barriers to entry for new validators to onboard into the ecosystem, increasing the validator set, and decreasing the cost of becoming a validator. --- 

How to Delegate SX | Delegate your SX to earn rewards and contribute to the security of SX You can delegate your SX to a validator to a percentage of that validator's rewards, by stake. When delegating to a validator, you agree to a cooldown period when you wish to undelegate. That period is currently 60 days. During the cooldown period, you will not earn rewards on your delegated SX, and you will not be able to withdraw. After 60 days, you will be able to withdraw. When you delegate to a validator, you understand that if the validator unstakes, you will also implicitly be unstaking. That means you will be subject to the 60 day cooldown period. Different factors come into play when choosing a validator to delegate your stake to: Uptime % - Since a validator and any associated delegators can only earn rewards on successfully reported outcomes, a value of closer to 100% will ensure that you will be rewarded SXBet betting fees for most if not every market being settled. Commission % - A lower validator commission percentage will mean that you will get to keep a greater percentage of your rewards earned for all outcomes that your validator successfully reports. Total staked % - The total staked amount for a validator correlates to the amount of trust a validator and any associated delegators have in the ability for a validator to successfully report outcomes. Additionally, a delegator staking under a validator with a high total stake can also trust that their validator can have a better say in any SX governance proposal votes. Staked by delegators -  Similar to the total staked %, the amount staked by other delegators indicates the trust that other delegators have in the validator. Consider the example below involving 3 different validators: Validator Commission Total Staked Uptime Staked by delegators A 8% 50% 90% 25k B 2% 40% 50% 10k C 5% 10% 99.99% 2k Validator A has the highest commission rate, although they also have the highest amount staked by other delegators and a decent uptime percentage. Validator B on the other hand has the lowest commission rate out of the 3 validators but Validator B also has the lowest uptime percentage. It is very therefore very unlikely that a delegator will earn more rewards staking under Validator B over Validator A. Looking at Validator C, they appear to have the highest uptime percentage with a lower commission rate than Validator A. Although appealing, as very few delegators have delegated to Validator C, it is likely that they are a new validator to the network. Users should consider if they would rather take a higher risk for a potentially higher return, or to take less risk for a slightly lower return. Ultimately it is up to the user to decide which validator would be the best to delegate their stake to based on a tradeoff of trust, ethics, profitability, and protocol governance.  

Native Bridging | How the SX Network bridge functions SX Network can support any asset from a public blockchains that utilizes the Ethereum Virtual Machine environment (e.g. ETH, MATIC, BNB, TRON). It also supports the creation of native SX Chain assets that can be bridged to other integrated EVM blockchains. The assets are only transferable once the other nodes in the network finalize the block containing the original bridge transaction. From there, the assets are freely transferable within SX Network. Assets from other EVM blockchains can use third-party relayer bridges to transfer assets quickly onto SX Network. However, the security guarantees of these relayer-based bridges depend on the specific provider and thus are outside the scope of this paper.  

Governance Voting | How SX Network governance is structured One of the most exciting facets of a community-owned sports betting platform is the idea of a community-managed treasury. This treasury will be in charge of accelerating the SX ecosystem through community incentives (e.g. liquidity mining), marketing initiatives (e.g. betting tournaments), and other strategic partnerships. SX holders are responsible for ensuring that governance decisions are made in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Governance proposals should factor in legal and regulatory concerns before implementation. In order to vote on any proposal, SX tokens must be staked. Upon inception, SX Network governance will utilize voting system for the SX stakers to vote on parameter or treasury proposals. Governance parameters are initiated with the following parameters: 20% of staked SX required to vote ’yes’ to reach quorum Simple majority (50% + 1) of total votes on all governance decisions to pass 5-day voting period 2-day time lock delay on execution (i.e. implemented 48 hours from passing) Over time, SX Network will increasingly shift towards a market-based governance system. --- 

=== CHUNK 1 ===
SX - Q3 Review 1) Quick Summary 🗞 Betting volume of $38.8m in Q3 vs. $24.9m in Q3 2023 (+56%) ● Total bettors of 2,018 in Q3 vs. 676 in Q3 2023 (+199%) ● Completed migration to SX Rollup & became largest betting app on Arbitrum Dev focus in Q4: launch of the SX Casino, order book upgrade, & Cashout launch Biz focus in Q4: cross-chain launches and liquidity integrations 2) Key Metrics 📊 Number of Bettors Number of quarterly bettors hit a new record high in Q3 at 2,018, which

=== CHUNK 2 ===
was a 199% increase from Q3 last year and a 51.5% increase from Q2. Arbitrum cross-chain rollout was a big reason for this increase; it’s much more economical for smaller crypto-native bettors to bet from a chain they already have funds on. Expecting this growth to accelerate as we rollout support for more low-cost L2 chains like Scroll and Mode. Betting Volume Sports betting volumes are highly seasonal, so it's best to compare quarters YoY to see underlying trends. The chart above shows SX's total

=== CHUNK 3 ===
betting volume in Q3 (July-September) from 2019 to 2024. As we can see, betting volume in Q3 hit a peak in 2022 (thanks to the World Cup), before declining to $24.9m last year, and increasing 56% YoY to $38.8m in Q3 of 2024. Betting volume momentum should continue into Q4; our most active quarter of the year for sports. SX Bet Mining Incentives ($) Increase in bet volume is contrasted by the consistently decreasing trend of SX bet mining incentives spent in Q3, shown in the chart above. Total

=== CHUNK 4 ===
bet mining incentives have now been entirely eliminated; this past quarter was the ﬁrst full quarter with zero bet mining incentives since token launch in 2021. SX is now growing with no SX token incentives. SX Token Vesting Finally, SX token is now 90.72% vested. As a reminder, SX token launched in January 2021 with a 4-year monthly linear vesting contract for team members, backers, advisors, and the community fund. The ﬁnal vesting date is now less than 4 months away. At that point, SX token will

=== CHUNK 5 ===
be 100% vested and no new supply will be unlocked. 3) Achievements ✅ SX had a busy summer on both the technical and business side: 🖥 Technical ✔ Launch of SX Rollup: SX Bet completed it’s migration to the SX Rollup in August. SX Rollup is a native Arbitrum Orbit L2 rollup. It oﬀers a number of huge advantages for SX over its old Polygon Edge infrastructure: 8x faster block times, more secure bridging, and easier onboarding. The faster block times also enable

=== CHUNK 6 ===
SX to launch new features such as onchain order books, cross-chain live betting, and onchain casino games. SX Rollup is nearing $10m in total TVL. 🏎 Live on MollyBet: SX was oﬃcially integrated into MollyBet, the world’s largest aggregator of sports betting liquidity in the entire world. Professional bettors use MollyBet as a smart-order routing system that enables them to tap into all the world’s top betting markets in one, easy-to-use interface. Most importantly,

=== CHUNK 7 ===
professional bettors get to access this liquidity directly through MollyBet. This integration has already driven solid amounts of taker ﬂow to SX. SX’s industry-leading odds put it ﬁrst-in line to access MollyBet’s taker ﬂow, helping drive a virtuous cycle of activity and liquidity to SX. 📜 Cross-Chain Deployment on Scroll & Mode: SX pioneered cross-chain betting with the launch of SX Bet on Arbitrum in Q2. Furthermore, SX’s cross-chain liquidity hub and spoke model

=== CHUNK 8 ===
makes it extremely simple and capital eﬃcient to launch on new chains. SX has begun experimenting with this model, deploying SX Bet on new L2s such as Scroll and Mode. SX has an opportunity to establish itself as the dominant betting app of every signiﬁcant L1 and L2. 📈 Growth ⚾ Best MLB and NFL Odds in World: SX Bet has now has the best pregame MLB and NFL odds in the world as measured by vig. SX’s unique decentralized betting exchange, open APIs, and

=== CHUNK 9 ===
network of market-makers enable this. Based on a snapshot of odds on September 24th, (using OddsJam’s odds comparison tool), SX Bet has an average vig of 1.30% for all MLB games. This is in contrast to an average vig of 4.3% for traditional sportsbooks like DraftKings. We’re still onboarding more market-makers and believe we can get this vig to consistently <1% in the coming weeks. Headline odds matter for user awareness (as SX shows up on the

=== CHUNK 10 ===
top of odds comparison sites), acquisition (price-sensitive users and aggregators ﬂow to where liquidity is best), and retention (other sites look like rip-oﬀs once you’ve used SX). 🏆 Largest Betting App on Arbitrum: SX Bet became the largest betting app on Arbitrum by betting volume in Q3. Arbitrum cross-chain betting volume continues to make up roughly ~20% of daily taker volume on SX (~$65,000 of bets per day post-incentives). Many crypto-native whales enjoy the relative convenience and

=== CHUNK 11 ===
security of betting from Arbitrum. This implies that launching on other, whale-heavy chains such as Ethereum, Polygon, and Solana would contribute meaningfully to daily betting volume. Cross-chain bettors tend to be less price sensitive than SX Rollup bettors, opening up the opportunity for meaningful protocol revenue through the implementation of a cross-chain commission. For context, a 3% commission on cross-chain bet winnings would yield roughly $30k/month in protocol revenue from current

=== CHUNK 12 ===
Arbitrum daily betting volume alone. 🫰 Hub for Positive EV Opportunities: Positive expected value (EV) bets are when the odds on a platform diverge with the rest of the global betting market, oﬀering up potentially proﬁtable arbitrage opportunities. Think of like it being able to buy Bitcoin for $58,500 on a platform when Bitcoin trades at $59,000 everywhere else. Because of SX’s superior and diﬀerentiated liquidity, there are many “positive EV” opportunities available on

=== CHUNK 13 ===
SX. There is a fast-growing community of Positive EV arbitrage bettors that hunt for these opportunities, often using odds comparison tools (such as OddsJam) to ﬁnd them. As SX deepens its liquidity further, the opportunity set and attractiveness increases for these bettors. The picture below is a screenshot from OddsJam’s Positive EV bet scanner, showcasing EV opportunities on SX: 4) Challenges & Opportunities 🚧 🚨 Live Betting SX has established as one of the best places in the world to bet pre-game

=== CHUNK 14 ===
North American sports (NFL, MLB, NBA, & NHL). However, our live betting oﬀering is still quite mediocre. With limited coverage, low liquidity, and relatively average odds, SX’s live betting experience oﬀers no tangible value prop beyond traditional betting platforms (while lagging razor-sharp exchanges like Betfair by a fair margin). This is partly by design; SX is focused right now on maximizing pre-game liquidity ﬁrst, where it has a key competitive advantage.

=== CHUNK 15 ===
It’s much better to be the best pregame betting platform in the world with mediocre live betting than having a solid but unremarkable oﬀering in both. With that said, maximizing live betting will contribute massively to the overall value prop of the platform and overall activity (even with SX’s relatively weak oﬀering, live betting constitutes roughly 40% of total volume on SX). We’ve begun researching a new order book design to minimize latency and improve execution times to make it easier for both

=== CHUNK 16 ===
market-makers and takers. With the new order book design will come a simpler API usage and integration process, which will better ﬁt industry standards and make it easier for market-makers to integrate onto SX. ⚽ Soccer and Tennis Pre-game Liquidity While SX’s tennis and soccer pre-game odds are solid compared to traditional sportsbooks, they are far weaker than SX’s major US sports oﬀering. SX only occasionally oﬀers the same major reduction in vig for

=== CHUNK 17 ===
soccer and Tennis that it consistently does for NFL, MLB, NBA, and NHL. This partly reﬂects the increased diﬃculty in market-making these sports (schedules are less structured, particularly for tennis) and sheer increase in number of games available to bet. Even still, Tennis remains the second largest sport by pre-game volume (20% of total), reﬂecting SX’s international user base. Becoming the global liquidity hub for soccer and tennis pregame betting is a major opportunity for SX, and

=== CHUNK 18 ===
will be a primary focus in Q4 and beyond. ⛹ Player Props & Exotic Markets SX’s focus on driving down vig for sports bettors comes with some tradeoﬀs. One of the major tradeoﬀs is an increased diﬃculty in oﬀering the same level of market coverage for recreational bettors. In eﬀect, SX is following a Costco model for sports betting; much better pricing at the cost of limited coverage. With that said, unlike Costco, there are no direct incremental costs to adding more markets for bettors.

=== CHUNK 19 ===
The cost is more subtle; exotic markets are harder to market-make (particularly in the highly adversarial environment of onchain betting) and therefore would have much worse pricing than SX’s major markets. This makes the platform inherently less attractive than more recreational-heavy platforms, hurting adoption. With that said, as SX continues to scale and add more market-makers, it does become more and more feasible. SX is getting close to that inﬂection point where there

=== CHUNK 20 ===
is enough market-maker interest to seed these markets. This will be an area of focus in late Q4 and 2025. 5) Catalysts 🚀 There are many short-term catalysts on the horizon that are going to unlock new growth for SX. 🏀 Return of NBA (& NHL) While MLB season will be winding down in Q4, NBA and NHL seasons will both be beginning in October. NBA and NHL collectively represent 30% of total betting volume on SX. Furthermore, we expect SX to have

=== CHUNK 21 ===
the lowest vig in the world for both sports. With the recent integration on MollyBet being complete, we expect this to contribute signiﬁcant betting volume to the platform. 📈 Cross-Chain Launches With the recent success of SX Bet on Arbitrum, we’re also exploring public launches of SX Bet on other chains. We’ll be targeting established whale-heavy chains (such as Ethereum, Polygon, etc.) and new fast-growing chains (such as Scroll, etc.) There is a signiﬁcant

=== CHUNK 22 ===
opportunity to establish SX as the de-facto onchain sports betting platform of many chains. 🎰 Onchain SX Casino SX has the largest onchain sports betting community in the world, creating a huge opportunity for SX to monetize through the launch of a SX-branded onchain casino. Casino games are some of the most highly-requested features by the SX community. This would open up SX to more types of bettors, stabilize betting volumes in the low summer

=== CHUNK 23 ===
months, and increase value accrual for SX. Casino games typically generate a multiple of the total volume and revenue of sportsbooks. SX’s onchain casino will oﬀer the highest RTPs (return to player) of any in the industry today. 6) Final Word Let us know if this format of monthly reporting is beneﬁcial and we’ll keep it up to help ﬁll in the missing details. We appreciate the ongoing support and feedback from our community and backers. As always, we

=== CHUNK 24 ===
encourage you to stay engaged through our real-time dashboard and community channels. Together, we will continue to build a stronger and more innovative SX ecosystem.